[IE Samples Docs] Add rows with model download and conversion (#6626)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: inference-engine/ie_bridges/c/samples/hello_classification/README.md

>
> - The sample accepts models in ONNX format (\*.onnx) that do not require preprocessing.

### Example
1. Download a pre-trained model using [Model Downloader](@ref omz_tools_downloader_README):
```

> python <path_to_omz_tools>/downloader.py --name <model_name>

Reviewer: maybe use the real model name?

Author: done

```

> 2. If a model is not IR or ONNX format, it must be converted. You can do this using the special script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If a model is not Inference Engine IR or ONNX format, it must be converted. You can do this using the model converter script:
```

Author: done

```
python <path_to_omz_tools>/converter.py --name <model_name>
```

3. Perform inference of `car.bmp` using `alexnet` model on a `GPU`, for example:

```
<path_to_sample>/hello_classification_c <path_to_model>/alexnet.xml <path_to_image>/car.bmp GPU
```

## Sample Output

The application outputs top-10 inference results.

```
Top 10 results:

> Image C:\images\car.bmp

Reviewer: use path from demo folder

Author: It's about the images that can be downloaded from https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/data/test_data
